# eElection
Since the adoption of the Indian Constitution in 1950, 17 general elections and many elections of various State Legislative Assemblies have been held. Although these elections were generally free and fair, yet some weaknesses of our election system have been noticed. In India, elections are very expensive and a common man, however, intelligent and honest he may be, cannot fight elections. In India, a large number of votes are cast on the basis of caste and religion. As a result, people get divided on the basis of caste, religion and community which is very harmful to national unity. Some candidates also capture the polling booths and make use of their muscle powers to do it. In India, many voters do not cast their votes. The voting percentage generally is almost 50 to 60 percent. In India, it takes a long time in the disposal of election petitions and sometimes the very purpose of election petition gets defeated.  Taking into account these flaws in the Indian election system, our team came up with an idea of building an Android Application platform to minimise these flaws using Blockchain and Android Software Development Kit. We are building this application with an aim that one-day Indian elections would solely be conducted on this application. There would no polling booths, no election rallies and no election campaigning on roads. We hope that our idea will shape a discrimination-free, an inexpensive, steady and secure elections.  The salient features of this application would be:  Parties can easily and securely broadcast their election posters and videos into the application. Parties can also conduct live public meetings with the complete involvement of the electors through a chat system. Parties can have access to all questions asked by the voters any time and can post the solution publicly. Parties will have to broadcast their manifesto into the application and will also have to submit one to Election Commission of India.  There will be real-time monitoring over shared content to bring about a check over the caste-based campaigning.  The electors will be authenticated through their Voter ID or Aadhar card. The voters can also authenticate using their unique fingerprint.  There would be an easy and secure way of casting a vote through the application using Blockchain. The voter’s information will be stored in a Block so that they are not easily tampered by the attackers.  Using Blockchain, we promise a steady and secure election system. The election results could be calculated steadily and securely.  In a place where there is no internet, the application can build a local blockchain, storing data in the phone memory and can be later merged to the global blockchain. (Again at such places election will be conducted under supervised authority)  Once the elections are over, citizens can have a timely update of what the ruling party is up to, and what are the reforms made by them till now. Citizens can easily direct a suggestion or complaint to the ruling party.
